(DOCSP-21735) Add fullDocument config option (#119)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/configuration/read.txt

       **Default:** ``64``

.. _spark-change-stream-conf:

Change Streams
--------------

.. note::

   If you use ``SparkConf`` to set the connector's change stream 
   configurations, prefix ``spark.mongodb.change.stream.`` to each 
   property.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 35 65

   * - Property name
     - Description

   * - ``lookup.full.document``

     - Determines what values your change stream returns on update 
       operations.

       The default setting returns the differences between the original 
       document and the updated document.

       The ``updateLookup`` setting returns the differences between the 
       original document and updated document as well as a copy of the 
       entire updated document.

       .. tip::

          For more information on how this change stream option works, 
          see the MongoDB server manual guide 
          :manual:`Lookup Full Document for Update Operation </changeStreams/#lookup-full-document-for-update-operations>`.

>        **Default:** ""

Reviewer: Update to:

```
**Default:** "default"
```

   * - ``publish.full.document.only``

>      - If ``true``, returns only the changed document instead of the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - If ``true``, this property returns the changed document instead of the 
```

       full change stream document.

>        When set to ``true``, the connector automatically sets the 

Reviewer 2: Issue: Let's keep the "true" descriptions parallel. So either stick with "if true" or "when set to true". Also, I think this part can be appended to the previous sentence instead of mentioning "if it is true" again.
